# Large Scale Image Geo-correction and Stitching Platform

This repository contains all the necessary codes for running geo-correcting the images that are generated by the Gantry, University of Arizona automated high-throughput phenotyping machine. Although it is specifically developed for the Gantry, but any set of geo-referenced images can be geo-corrected using this tool. We mainly focus on TIFF image that are coming off the Gantry. 

## Files in the repository

* Block_wise_GPS_correction.py: The main developed codes and functions for implementing the geo-correction algorithm is located in this file. This file is not meant to be run separately. 

* Customized_myltiprocessing.py: A customize multiprocessing class is developed to increase the performance of python multiprocessing in this script.

* Dockerized_GPS_Correction.py: The main entry point for running the geo-correction on Lab Servers. Arguments are: {scan date}, {address of the config file}, {address of the directory where all the files exist and the results will be saved}. 

* Dockerized_GPS_Correction_FLIR.py: The main entry point for running the geo-correction for FLIR on either HPC or Lab Servers (TBC). Same arguments as above.

* Dockerized_GPS_Correction_HPC.py: The main entry ponit for running the geo-correction on HPC inside the pipeline. Following are the list of parameters:
  * '-d' --> '--destination', type=str, help='address of the destination folder on HPC (usually on xdisk where everything is stored).' 

  * '-b' --> '--bin_2tif', type=str, help='the address of the bin_2tif folder.'

  * '-g' --> '--gps_coord', type=str, help='the address of the GPS coordinates csv file.'

  * '-s' --> '--scan_date', type=str, help='the name of the specific scan to work on.'

  * '-c' --> '--config_file', type=str, help='the name of the config file to use.'

  * '-l' --> '--lid_address', type=str, help='the address of the lid file.'

  * '-u' --> '--uav_lettuce_address', type=str, help='the address of the uav lettuce coordinates file.'

  * '-r' --> '--repository_address', type=str, help='the address of the geocorrection repository.'

* Dockerized_Ortho_Save.py: The entry point for generating and saving the orhtos. Same parameters as above. 

* GPS_image_stitching.py: The old file where all the untidy codes for testing are placed in. 

* geo_correction_config.txt: A sample of a good config file with all the field. (Lid Detection Method options: ML (for faster RCNN), TMP (for Template Matching) and Other)

* settings.py: The file that is responsible for reading the config file and configuring the platform. 

* test_main.py: A development test file for testing the code in debuge mode. 

* lid_temp.png: The template used in lid detection. This can be changed from season to season or even scan to scan. 

## Notes

The local repository must contain all the above files (specially the main skeleton of the code and the temp image of the lid).

